A maintainable module containing information related to the archiving (longer term access and/or preservation) of the data and metadata. Note that in DDI Archive refers to a set of processes rather than a location. Archive contents are split into archive specific information (information that is related to the organization or individual performing archival activities) and information that reflects the processes that the metadata or data have undergone which should be maintained along with other content if the metadata changes locations. Two key pieces of information held within the Archive are the Organization Scheme (containing records of Organizations, Individuals, and the Relationships between them) and the Lifecycle. The Lifecycle can be used to document any significant event in the life of the data and metadata. It is a series of Lifecycle Events which note the date of the event, what took place, and who was involved. The module is described by a name, label, and description, archive specific information, an Organization Scheme (in-line or by reference), Lifecycle Information, and Other Materials related to the objects within the Archive Module. Archive Specific information covers details regarding individual items and collections within the archive as well as access conditions, funding and budget information, and quality statements. The reference to the Organization or individual acting as the archive as well as a coverage statement regarding the archive collection is found here.